Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
We're excited you're here, and I'm excited to be here.
We have work to do.
I've been going over some things that I could share with you today and what the Lord has been talking to me about over the last several days.
I've been taking my time and not doing as many live streams because of what the Holy Spirit has been instructing me on.
So, let me start off with this: He said, I want you to go back to the basics.
I want you to go back to the foundations of where you came from.
Don't forget where you came from; the books you've read, the things that have ministered to you, read them again.
Go over them again.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
And people that are more mature than you, you can learn from them.
People that have been in ministry longer than you, you can learn from them.
I don't know everything, of course, and being a newbie in this, I learn from people who have walked it longer than I have as far as ministry goes.
It always goes back to this book.
I know this isn't that old, but I don't even know this man, John Bevere, but The Awe of God has changed our life.
I'm telling you, I look forward to my wife reading me this book.
She reads it to me every day.
We go over the chapters and she highlights and marks it all up.
Then she found out that there are YouTube videos that talk about each chapter that John Bevere wrote.
So we listen to it, and we go over it again, and we talk about it where we are in ministry.
I've always said the first three chapters, you know, because I feel like if I can just get you to read part of it, if it ministers to Diana and me so much, I pray that it would minister to you.
I don't recommend stuff very easily.
I don't believe in selling books a lot unless the Holy Spirit has led you to, but this book right here, I'm going to tell you, it has changed my life.
I cannot wait until he has a new book on March 3rd.
It's about Jesus's return.
Now, Diana said he made the comment that everything that he's preached up until now has changed or something like that.
I hope, you know, I don't know what that means, so I'm not going to add to it or take away from it.
But I want to say this: this book, sir, I don't know if you watch our broadcast, but I'm going to tell you, you got an A+ from me on this one.
Not that that matters, but it does to me and my wife.
Chapter 12, 13, 14 is probably some of the most important chapters.
I told Diana, I said, I read over them and read over them.
There are times whenever I do these live streams and the presence of the Lord is so thick in my house, and there's so much chatter on the live stream.
He has a quote right here that I thought was really beautiful.
Here is the bottom line, the truth: Where the Lord is reverenced, His presence manifests.
I've thought about that a lot.
If we reverence Him, He manifests.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, but the awe of Him, the reverence—there's so much that I could pull out of this, and I could have Diana read these highlights of all these underlying things, we'd be here all night, but there's so much of this book that I don't know how else to describe it to you.
Like I said, I don't sell or push books.
I don't do that.
I have everybody and their brother trying to give me their book to push on my channel, but I'm going to tell you, he's never talked to me and I've never talked to him, but this book has blessed me.
So, she read it to me most of the day going over these chapters just because I don't want to get off track.
There's so much that the Lord, as I was ministering, praying over our house and praying over things.
Last night He visited me for 45 minutes.
He spoke to me about the future.
It was the most intimate conversation I've had with Him in a long time.
This was when He visited here and talked about President Trump; it was spectacular, it was amazing.
But last night was just a friend instructing me about the ministry and about what we're doing.
I fear Him, not scared; I reverence Him with this holy awe, the awe of God.
When I tell you what I'm about to talk about a little bit tonight, asking about why you haven't come yet—what are you waiting on?
With all the things we see in the earth right now, what is it that you're waiting on?
Why haven't things escalated like a lot of you have always done?
Brandon, He should come back tomorrow, He should come back today.
Oh, Jesus is coming.
I believe that with all my heart.
But what are we waiting on?
He gave me scripture.
He gave me James 5:7.
Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receives the early and the latter rain.
That's in the New Testament.
He said to me, I told you, you're—this is amazing.
You're not waiting on me, I'm waiting on you.
Bring in my harvest, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
I'm waiting on my treasure, my harvest.
Brandon, I'm leaving the 99 to go after the one.
How many times?
Until He showed me that verse, the Lord of the harvest.
He came to me and had holes in His hands.
He said, I died for all of you.
Help me bring them in.
I've given you the farming equipment.
The vast fields of harvest are plentiful, Brandon.
Do you see the harvest?
Help me bring in the harvest.
I died for every one of them.
He held out His hands.
He had humongous holes.
They went right here.
It wasn't in the middle.
It was right here.
A massive hole.
It went clear into His palm right here.
It was a massive hole.
It wasn't in the center of His hand.
It was right in here.
I want to tell you that hole is massive.
It took up the whole bottom half of His hand.
You can see right through it to see the wheat bowing down before Him as He walked by it.
One last call.
He said, The sun is setting on this dispensation of grace.
If anybody remembers that visitation that I had and I saw the sun setting and it was lowered down, and He stood there with His priestly robe, and He kept His voice turned into a shofar and He started saying, One last call.
He started screaming and it echoed through the valley, One last call.
He was calling for the sheep, and there were all these sheep, all different kinds, and I told you all about it.
Then I saw the Father standing, and I saw Jesus at the hoopa, and it was olive leaf, and it was cut out, and it was the most beautiful thing.
He was waiting on the bride, and I asked the Lord then, again, He said, You're not waiting on me, I'm waiting on you.
Bring in my harvest, and I'll come and get you.
There's no urgency in the church for the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's not enough anticipation.
A lot of people, we've become so dull and desensitized to the hearing of it that it's become just something we throw around.
Jesus is coming.
But the urgency of the hour and the expectation of it, we've become weary and wallowing, a lot of you.
Oh, I have heard that.
Brandon, you say that all the time, but I say it because it is real to me.
And I yell it as loud as I can like John the Baptist, one crying in the wilderness, telling you, Jesus is coming.
He is here, as the prophets of old cried out and warned that there was a king coming.
Isaiah, all of them.
How many times have we heard it?
I want to be so sober to bring sobriety to you, to shake you, to waken you, to tell you again that our King is coming.
It is not something that your grandma told you.
I am being for real.
Jesus is coming, but He is waiting for the fruit.
James 5:7.
If you need to hear it again, I will read it to you again.
That is what He is waiting on.
The fruit.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Bring in my harvest.
This is where He was at as He talked to me last night.
There are a lot of things He said I cannot talk about on your platform.
It was just friend talk.
He is my friend and I respect what He asked me to say.
Therefore, do you have it?
Be patient, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
See how the farmer waits for the precious fruit of the earth.
It is the New King James Version.
In the King James Version, be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience.
That means He is not in a hurry.
He has long patience for it until He receives the early and the latter rain.
He wants a major harvest.
Can these bones live?
That is what He was talking to me about, the harvest again.
He said, There are so many that I cannot trust with the finances to get it done.
He said, They will receive the money and do something else with it when I had an assignment for it.
He said, Brandon, I will entrust you with much if you do not touch what is mine.
Ministries, there are a lot of them that touch what is mine, and it is for the harvest.
He said, I will give you yours and bless you, but keep the main thing the main thing.
Do not touch what is mine.
He said, There are a lot of ministers, Brandon, that do not do right with the money in the ministry, and I cannot trust them to get it done.
I need buildings for my people for what is about to happen.
I need land bought.
But they will not do what I have asked them to do with it.
They will be held accountable.
As I was sitting there, I do not give any glory to the devil at all.
I never talk about the devil or demons unless I feel instructed to, and tonight I do.
I think a lot of things that Hollywood has, like Star Wars and other movies, they get the ideas from what they have seen in the demonic and they project it to you so you become desensitized.
But as I was sitting there, the Lord said, I am going to allow you to see this again.
I had forgotten about this, but He called them watchers.
They looked like cats.
They looked like the Black Panther movie.
They had slight slit eyes, but they were glowing.
They had a pad and they were writing down everything I was saying.
I said, Lord, what are You allowing me to see that for?
What is that?
He said, They do not know what is coming.
They do not know what I am about to do until I tell My prophetic voices in this earth.
So they watch to see what is relayed, what you say.
They do not know His next move because they are not intimate with Him.
They are the ones that were cast out of heaven.
Remember, they were watching and they were writing down everything they could to true prophetic voices that they knew were accurate.
I am just telling you what I saw and what the Lord said.
I do not look at Brandon Biggs as anything.
I want everything to deflect to Him.
They were taking note of things that I was saying privately.
He said, There are certain things now that I will say to you that I do not want spoken out that you will hold.
But because I said in My word that I do nothing in this earth unless I reveal it to My prophets first, I go by what I told and I stand by what I said I would do.
Does that make sense, son?
I do not want to add to or take away from anything my Son writes down.
As I was in this moment, I realized the power and the authority of the believer and the words that He gives us, how important it is that we only say what He tells us to say.
There have been times in this last couple of weeks that He has been silent and I have been like, What is wrong?
What is going on?
He said to me, The reason I am silent, there is a purpose for it.
I only tell you what you need to hear when I need you to say it.
If I am silent, it is not that I am angry.
I go, Are we cool?
Are we all right?
What is going on?
Because we have these conversations, but it is not instruction for the channel and for the people.
He said, If I am quiet, I am quiet on purpose.
I have nothing to say.
Do you speak for Me?
You do not speak for yourself, do you?
I said, No.
So, if I do not say nothing, that means I have nothing to say.
It is not personal.
Grow up.
Go back to what I told you to do in the first place.
Pray.
You do not have to have a new vision.
He said, Brandon, I can give you one thing, one vision to pray about on that channel, and you take that assignment and pray over it for months.
I have given you a lot of stuff to bring to the people that they could intercede for, for the nations, for the harvest.
If they will learn who they are in their authority and use their authority over their area, it would help.
It is according to the word when it says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
He has blinded their eyes.
But we take authority as believing believers and use our authority over the devil.
We have power and authority over him to break off those chains that bind all of our unsaved loved ones and the eyes that are fogged.
According to Ephesians 1, let the eyes of their understanding be enlightened.
How much Jesus loves them.
Paraphrase.
How much God loves them.
Let the eyes of their understanding be enlightened.
What are they being enlightened to?
That Jesus has a plan for their life.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
Overflow.
God is a God of overflow.
Abundance to the full, to the extreme, to it overflows.
He wants you to live a good life, healed and whole and delivered by the power of the Lord Jesus Christ, what He did for you.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Brandon, just go back to the fundamentals.
Keep praying.
If I do not give you a new word, go back to the things you consider old.
They are not old.
Nothing is old.
It is still new.
But go back to the things I have told you and pray over them, especially with what I have seen concerning Iran and the president and what we are going to do to pray over President Trump and his protection and pray over his family and pray over our nation for the decisions that will be made with the Supreme Court concerning the tariffs in the next couple of weeks.
Whenever they come back, I believe it was February 20th.
They come back from their winter recess, so we pray over that.
Praying over this decision whenever they go into Ramadan.
I believe Ramadan starts this Wednesday.
I am praying for the greatest harvest of souls in the Muslim community we have ever seen.
God does not want anyone to perish, but all to come to repentance.
I want to show you what is happening right now in New York.
Congress is on recess until February 23rd, 2026.
I want to show you the urgency of the hour and the major shaking that is about to awaken this nation.
The Lord said, I am going to bring a shaking to awaken.
I have seen all these major events and buildings on the 41st floor in Chicago on the riverfront and the hotels.
Look, this is New York.
It does not matter to me.
They are all the trash.
That is a call to prayer.
A Muslim call to prayer all throughout New York.
They voted for it.
Are they shocked they got what they voted for?
That should make believers mad.
What are we doing?
You can stop it.
I do not want to hear that anymore.
I am trying to tell you that as it goes in the east and the major storm I saw brewing on the east coast, I am praying for President Trump to make the right choices for our nation.
This is the kind of trash they want to put all throughout our nation.
They just had a vote on it in the Bible Belt of Oklahoma.
We just had a vote in Broken Arrow.
Brother Hagin's Ministries is there.
They just voted on putting a huge mosque or synagogue there in Tulsa.
I do not know if it passed, but my point is that they are trying to do it in the Bible Belt and in Texas.
If we do not wake up, church, and start preaching Holy Ghost and fire in our pulpits, telling people that Jesus Christ is coming, we need to get serious about our Creator's return.
This is serious stuff.
The election coming in November of this year, in the next nine months, is a great opportunity.
I am telling you, all it takes is people going to sleep and not voting.
I look at that in New York and I think, oh, dear God, that is not that far away from here.
People were freaking out, sending us emails about the virus concerning this sexually transmitted disease.
Now, this is foul.
There is an infection all over their faces.
Do you remember I told you I saw a new sexually transmitted virus coming that would be so grotesque that it would bring welts and pus all over your body?
Now, is this what I was shown?
I saw that eventually they would have to eunuch them because the infection would not stop.
It would reoccur and they would have to do what they needed to do to fix it.
Eventually, it would end up killing them.
The Lord warned us it was coming.
The Lord said this is a result of messing with the kids and it will start up northeast.
I believe this is in Minnesota.
It is happening up northeast.
I saw it would go into Toronto and spread all throughout New York.
Is this the virus?
I do not know.
It is very nasty.
I am in Minnesota.
The largest known outbreak of a sexually transmitted ringworm.
That is disgusting.
Health officials say it is transmitted.
I mean, that is foul.
But what I saw coming would make you a eunuch.
I do not know if it goes on their private parts or not; it was on his face, but pretty foul.
Then we have Obama.
Former US President Barack Obama says aliens are real.
I said they would start to really come out and say before the rapture of the church that aliens are real.
I said there would be a false flag event that will shock all the world.
I saw something over the Vatican, something over the Mayan temples, and it had lightning and light coming off of it, and it looked like a massive ship.
These little space-looking things came out of the mothership and started shooting around the United States at the speed of light.
It looked the size of a car and it freaked everybody out.
I saw an interview of a demonic figure on TV that looked like a creature off of the movie Guardians of the Galaxy.
He was talking to the interviewer.
Great deceptions.
Now, that sounds way out there, and it was way out there for me to see it in great detail because I thought surely this is not real.
Lord, I test the spirits.
I am human.
I can miss it.
I am not here to say I get everything right.
I do the best I can.
But what I saw in 2014 is manifesting on the screen.
Even Elon Musk is saying jokingly, I am part alien.
I think it is kind of interesting where we are.
Diana was reading to me some of these things.
He was basically saying some things about the chat and about reverence.
As we seek Him with holy fear, He will manifest.
People are really going to start to persecute you on a greater level, warning me about things He had for me and my family.
He said true persecution, you haven't seen it until you start getting it from the secular media.
He said, 'The comment section and the emails are nothing until CNN, ABC, and MSNBC start persecuting you on that vast world's attention.
You got a bunch of people that are just like whatever.
' But when the world starts to hate you, it's a whole different story.
He's warning me about things.
I think it's interesting.
I just push.
But I go, 'Okay, God, whatever you have for me, I just want to finish strong, y'all.
' And whenever I get on the other side of this, he said, 'Well done, Brandon.
You gave it all you got.
You did the best you could.
' I don't want to get up there and say, 'Well, I'm semi-disappointed.
' My biggest concern is that he said, 'I want you to teach my people to pray.
I want you to bring them, teach them how to come into the throne.
' I had an email from a school teacher and he was telling me how this channel has changed his life and that he teaches what we teach on the channel.
A student walked up to him and said, 'Thank you for teaching me how to get close to God.
' He has 141 students, he said.
And he teaches how to get close to God through the things he's learned on this channel on the way to school.
He listens to us talk.
And that blessed me.
So I thought, what if just one of those kids are the next Billy Graham?
You never know who you're imparting into and who you're talking to.
You could be talking to your neighbor and they'd be the next Smith Wigglesworth, the next Peter, the next John the Baptist; who knows?
I don't know.
Somebody that's touching the nations for Jesus.
However, the person who fears God has nothing to hide.
He or she is terrified of being away from God.
This is illustrated by the fact that while the people drew back, Moses simultaneously drew near to God.
The person who fears God doesn't say within themselves, 'How close can I get to the line of sin and not fall in?
' No, he or she says, 'I want to be so close to God and so far away from the line that I cannot even see it.
' He's talking about being in the world.
Be ye imitators of God, dear children, as children imitate their father.
Be an imitator of God.
I love that.
There's a level of holiness that he is requiring us to come up higher in our relationship with him to walk in the greater glory.
I don't want to be where I am in my relationship with the Lord this time next year.
I don't want to be where I'm at right now.
If I'm at where I'm at right now and I'm not going from glory to glory, that's why I sing that song.
From glory to glory, he's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenly.
His likeness and image to perfecting me.
The love of God shown to the world from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness in image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
I love some of these little quotes he has in there.
I wish I read better.
Diana reads to me, and I try to find the things that I have to read over and over before I can give it to you so you'll understand what I'm saying.
Some of the things that I told her, I said, 'Baby, it's so easy to get off track.
' The bigger the things happen in ministry...
I used to criticize people all the time, big ministers, you watch them and you go, 'Boy, look at them where they are with God.
' And they lose that fear.
The pressure of people and the pressure of performance will suck you dry.
And then I realize how I got here in the first place and I go back to the first fruit and I repent.
Oh God, help me to always stay on track.
Help me to be close to you.
All these people and all these different ministries and all their opinions, they could take it to hell where they came from.
That's what I tell Diana.
I don't care.
I want so much just to please him.
And I sit at his feet and I go, 'Oh, when you get back in that vein, it only takes a couple weeks.
' Pressure and you'll get off on the wrong road.
And he's quiet even in the intimacy where you go, 'What's going on?
' But the moment you start to check that inside of yourself, you start going, 'What's happening?
I don't want to be what I see so much of, what I have been allowed to see so much of because of the platform.
' I'm not judging these men and women.
It may come across that way, but I see that they've lost their intimacy.
A lot of them have lost their way and they still feel like they're close and they're on the vine, but they lost their way a long time ago and the platform sustains them for right now.
And it's like the Lord showed me.
He said, 'You can cut yourself off of there, Brandon, but a branch does not die instantaneously.
It takes a little bit.
It dries up a little bit at a time.
There's life in it for a little bit.
' And that's where a lot of believers are.
They've been pruned back and they don't even realize it.
They lost the fear of God.
They lost the awe of God.
And that's why he always takes me back to books like this, The Ultimate Voice by Oral Roberts.
We read it over and over and over.
And I said, 'Well, I know, D.
We heard it.
' But she goes, 'I love it.
There's something about it.
It's just precious to us.
' So, I just bring these little things to you if I could help anybody with their walk with the Lord to get closer to him.
Even if you feel like you've gotten off track, he's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's not left you.
You've left him.
He's always there to help you.
But we've got to get back to the intimacy with the Father.
And it's so easy.
It's like Diana said, 'Don't you see?
The very people,' and I don't say this for you to say, 'Bren, don't focus on the people who criticize.
' I'm trying to give an example to you.
You want to know my life?
The very people that criticize try to get you to be like them, but they're watching and they don't realize that when they criticize how you sing the songs wrong, you see, it's intimacy like a child.
And they want you to be like them, but they're dead.
They haven't heard him in years.
You hear him every day, hun.
But how is it that they try to come and correct you in the emails when they have no intimacy with the Father at all?
I have been so open, so transparent as much as I can be with the public to teach you the basics of how to get there.
Maybe I'm a good teacher about it, maybe I'm not.
But I've tried to teach you how to get there with songs and finding the word to stand on, to teach you how to just say these scriptures, to pray in the spirit, that it's just being so...
When you get real with God, God will get real with you.
He'll become real with you.
Does that make sense?
So, I said enough, but I've just been quiet because he's been quiet and I've been listening to him, but it wasn't anything that he said he wanted shared on this platform.
The things that he's had me say, he said, 'I want you to be very slow concerning these things.
I don't want it out there yet.
There's things that I don't know if he'll ever allow me to say concerning where we're going and what's about to take place.
' So, I don't know.
I just wait.
That's what he said.
Are you in charge or am I?
I said, Well, you definitely are.
You know, and so that is why I think a lot of people go, Where did he go?
I do not use him, he uses me.
I understand it more now than ever.
It sounds like something really good sometimes when Kathryn Kuhlman would say it and Diana goes, You know, it sounds so, it is so appeasing to the Christian area.
Oh, yeah.
I do not use him, he uses me.
No, no, no, no, no.
I get it more and more every single day.
When it is not there, it is not there.
That cloak is what I am talking about.
He uses me.
I cannot turn this on without him.
I feel it so strong tonight.
It is weighing a fire on my ears.
It is like he holds a matchstick on my ears.
I can feel my right ear burn to the point where it feels like somebody is taking a lighter sometimes and it is burning it.
But it is when the glory comes on me, it does not hurt.
I just know when it is there, it comes on me.
And I have told even my mom and dad, I told everybody I said, My ears are hot like fire.
They will burn and he will talk.
It just fills my whole head and I see and over.
And there are levels of it.
There are levels of the glory.
There are levels of hearing.
When he comes on me like that, I start to cry a lot when I am just in the house.
You say, Are you a basket case?
No.
His presence is so purified.
It makes me weep.
But there is an inner court, there is an outer court, and there is a Holy of Holies.
And I can assure you there is a difference.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Father, what is communion?
Father, we just thank you, Father, for this time.
Lord, I thank you for every single person who is represented here tonight.
We bless them, Father.
Christ in me, the hope of glory, going from glory to glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Now, when you take this tonight, picture yourself inside healed.
Be a believing believer that believes they are healed by the stripes of Jesus.
Do not just take this and be like, Oh, it is just a wafer.
He became sickness for us.
By his stripes, we are healed.
And this is what it represents.
His body took it all on the cross for us.
Everything.
Galatians, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And I believe it.
And I thank you, Father, that from the top of my head to the soles of my feet, the glory renews me, healed and whole and well in Jesus name.
I thank you, Father, that just like you did Moses, you do me, Father, that the glory of the Lord kept him.
120 years, his eyes did not grow dim.
I thank you, Father, that our bodies are healed and whole and well.
Our metabolisms are good.
Our minds are renewed by the word.
And we are so grateful for all that you have done and all that you are going to do in these last days.
And we wake up, Lord, because we know and we are looking up, for our redemption draws nigh.
I thank you, Father, for the body that was broken for us in Jesus name.
Amen.
He was bruised for our iniquities.
He was wounded for our transgression.
The chastisement of our peace was upon him.
And with his stripes, we are healed.
We are healed.
Father, you are so good.
You are so good, Lord.
And we thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood, Lord, and the blood makes much of us.
We are so thankful, Father, that we can confess our sins before you.
And you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And Lord, we give you all the glory and honor and praise for all that you have done and all that you continue to do in my life.
Lord, I plead the blood of Jesus over us tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood over the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
And every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in the name of Jesus.
It will not bear fruit.
Evil spells cast, they try to say all kinds of things against you.
We are not going to allow it by the blood.
We hold it and it falls to the ground.
Do you understand?
We have authority and we take the blood of Jesus right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you Lord.
It never loses its power.
He reminded me of this when he talked to me right then and he said this to me.
He said, Brandon, I want you to do what I told you to do.
I said, Yeah.
He said, I want you to take a couple minutes tonight, every one of you.
Every one of you, we are going to pray, but this is what I want you to do.
He said, I want you to enter in this way tonight, not by singing, but by thanking me for all that I have provided for you and done for you over this last couple of years.
If you have anything to be grateful for, if you have anything to be thankful for today, he wants to hear it.
He wants to hear it not just by your mouth, but out of your heart.
What are you giving God praise for today?
What have you given him time of thanksgiving for today?
He said, Many of my children go through the whole day and never give me thanks for anything.
And they do not realize how much I have already done for them.
They ask so much of me, but they do not give me praise for what I have already done.
They may have thanked me for the moment, but they have long forgotten it.
And I stopped and he said, Do you remember sitting on your couch in that rat shack house and you used to just thank me for the walls of that house that had holes in the floor and the snake would come up?
Do you remember when I provided food for you and you did not have money?
Do you remember whenever you were looking for a tire because the steel was showing on yours going down the highway and you were concerned about your wife having a blowout on the way to work and I provided a tire for $25.
You say, Well, that is not a very...
No, it was a good tire.
God provided 25 bucks.
Do you remember it?
Yeah.
Just because it is years ago does not mean it is not worth giving praise for him now.
So I want you to give God praise for every single thing he has done, for he is worthy of it.
So, I am going to just thank him for what I have and what God has given me and how he has given me health and he has given me wisdom and you just thank him where you are at right now.
Take it away.
Father, we just thank you for our bills are paid.
You have given us food to eat.
You have given us air to breathe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for all that you have provided.
For a marriage, Father, that is godly.
A wife that prays, children that seek you and they are hungry after you.
Father, we give you praise, Father, for a church to go to, that we are not persecuted in America, Father.
We are so grateful, Father, that we have freedom of religion and we can worship you freely in our churches, Father, and give you praise and glory, Father.
We are so thankful, Father, that we have a president that at least prays and asks for prayer.
Thank you, Lord, for this nation.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have done for us.
Thank you, Lord, that our car payments are paid, our electric paid, our waters paid for a job that pays me money.
Thank you, Lord, that you have provided all of our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
Lord, thank you, Lord, for your protection and your hedge of protection as we drive down the highway.
We do not even know that there was danger there, God.
And you protected us all the way home.
Father, I just want to tell you, thank you for the clothes that are on our back and the shoes that are on our feet.
Thank you, Lord, that Father, we had something good to drink and fresh, clean water tonight to drink.
That we didn't have to have bad water out of a ditch.
Father, you're so good to us, Lord.
You've provided for us, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that if you may not even be able to move your legs, but if you can move your toes, give God praise for it tonight.
Oh God, I might not be able to move my legs, but I can move my eyes.
I'm so grateful, Father, that I can move my eyes.
Give him praise and glory for something is what I'm trying to tell you.
For he inhabits the praises of his people.
Father, I'm so grateful for the bed that I sleep in and the roof over my head.
Father, it may not always be what my heart wanted at the time, but God, you provided it.
I'll not complain out of my mouth.
Do you understand?
It may not be what I wanted to eat, but God, you provided something for me, and I'll not complain.
The fear of the Lord doesn't complain.
You reverence him.
Complaining is a sign of rebellion.
Oh God, I thank you that you are so good to me that you provided all that I have tonight.
God, no matter what I see and what I don't see, Father, I thank you for all of it.
I don't want to miss anything, God.
You've been so good to us.
Thank you, Father, for the people that would show up and watch us on this broadcast tonight.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that we have a place to pray and give you praise and glory on this platform.
For, Father, you said if we don't praise you, the rocks would cry out.
And I'm not going to let a rock do my job.
I thank you, Father, for the birds of the air and the fish of the sea.
I thank you, Father, for the dog that you provided.
Lord, I thank you for even the neighbor's cat that gets on my nerves.
Father, we're thankful.
Thankful for all of it, God.
Thank you, Lord, that I have a neighbor.
Thank you, Father, for that car.
Well, you say it's not a very good car.
Oh, but God, I thank you for the one that's on the way.
Thank you for the house that's on the way, Father.
It may not be the house of your heart's desire now, but you've got a house for me.
You have to give God praise for wherever you're at.
Oh Lord, thank you, Lord.
The doctor said that I had this thing, but God, I thank you, Lord, that the thing was right.
I praise you, God.
I worship you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for your healings.
Thank you, Lord, for deliverance.
Father, I remember when the doctor gave me that bad report, but God, you turned it around for my good.
All things work together for the good for those that love the Lord.
All things.
I believe, Father, that the doctor may have given you a report, but oh God, I know that you're a healer, and I give you praise for it.
Father, we give you praise, Father.
We give you honor.
We give you glory.
Thank you, Father, for the prayers that are being answered right now.
Thank you, Lord, that we have our unsaved loved ones that are being born again.
Oh, God.
We give you praise, Father, that you are delivering our family from addictions right now.
God, we give you praise for it.
We give you praise that those that are bound by drug addictions are being freed tonight.
We give you praise, Father, that you said in your word that you inhabit the praises of your people.
We give you praise that you would even look our direction.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that what is man that you are mindful of him.
Thank you, Lord, that you look our direction.
For you said, the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward you.
Thank you, Lord, that my heart be one that you can look at tonight and say, Hey, he's got a little bit of something.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for your goodness.
Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Lord, that our churches are paid off.
Thank you, Lord, that the ground that we worship on is paid off.
That we owe no man anything but to love him.
Thank you, Father, that the ministries have the best equipment to get the job done.
Thank you, Lord, that you've taken care of us the way you have.
You've been so good to us, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for the anointing to get the job done.
That we yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to it, Father, that you would allow it to come on us.
Thank you, Father, that we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
That we attract to deflective because we're going vertical.
Like my friend Billy says, going vertical, Brandon, go vertical.
Stay vertical.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to stay vertical today.
Thank you, Lord, that you're healing the people tonight.
That there'll be none sick among us.
I thank you, Father, that that's the kind of God we serve.
That there is a great revival, one last push, one last big major harvest, one major healing, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
There is about to be something.
I saw it.
We're standing at the door of it.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, that you'll touch this nation one last time.
You'll touch America.
You'll touch Europe.
You'll touch South Africa.
You'll touch Africa.
You'll touch South America.
You'll touch the Middle East.
You'll touch Asia.
You'll touch North Korea.
You'll touch South Korea.
You'll touch Japan.
You'll touch these nations, Canada, Mexico, Australia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that revival starts with me.
For as for me in my house, we'll serve you.
We're thankful, Father, that you would look our direction.
We thank you, Lord, for your blood.
We thank you, Lord, that you washed us free from all our sins.
We thank you, Lord, that we're born again.
Thank you, Lord, that we're not going to hell and we're going to heaven with you.
You've provided a mansion for me.
We're so grateful.
We're so grateful that Jesus is coming soon.
We're so grateful that you're standing at the door and helping us bring in the harvest.
We're going to help you bring in the harvest that you said.
You look at me and you say, You've got what it takes to bring them in.
He didn't create a loser.
We're winners.
We're the closers.
He saved the best for last.
We're so grateful, Father.
We're so grateful.
Oh, how he loves you and me.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord.
Oh, God, we thank you.
Thank you, Father.
We praise you, Father, for you are high and lifted up.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
For the Lord he is good and his mercy endures forever.
We give you all the praise for it, Lord.
We give you all the glory, Father.
You deserve all the glory, Father.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed, thy hands have provided.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed, thy hands have provided.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Great is your faithfulness.
Great is your faithfulness concerning everything we need tonight.
All that I have needed, Lord, your hands have provided.
Great is your faithfulness, Lord.
Great is your faithfulness.
Thank you, Father.
We praise you, Lord.
It's all about Jesus.
Turn our eyes upon Jesus.
Look full in his wonderful face and the things of earth will grow strangely dim.
Look full in his face.
I love that, and the things of this earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord, that we turn our eyes upon Jesus.
Look full in his wonderful face.
We're so grateful.
Thank you, Lord, that you're hiding us in the cleft of the rock that the remnant.
You said, "Upon this rock, I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
" I believe the gates of hell will not prevail against us tonight.
The enemy tries to be that roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, but he cannot devour us.
The believing believers.
Oh Father, we love you.
Oh Father, we praise you.
Only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
We're so grateful.
Healing over their bodies right now.
We believe, Father, there's healing over their bodies right now from the top of their head to the soles of their feet tonight.
I agree with them.
And Father, as we give you praise and you inhabit the praises of your people, I thank you, Father, that wherever they are in their bodies, if they need a healing in their body tonight, I thank you, Father, that by your stripes, Lord, they are healed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We thank you, Lord, that you're touching them right now.
Diabetes being healed right now.
Cataracts of the eyes being healed right now.
Deliverance of addictions being delivered right now.
Don't be alarmed.
Go now in Jesus' name.
You say, "What is going on with me?
" You're getting free right now.
Be free in Jesus' name.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, be free.
Come out of that stomach right now in Jesus' name.
That demonic attachment that you had in there, I command you to come out.
Let her go in Jesus' name.
Let him go.
Be free.
A bound that is being broken off your mind right now.
I see you had this cloudiness, this depression, and this fog over your mind, and the Lord is setting you free and that is breaking off of your mind right now in the name of Jesus.
It's been like a heaviness and the doctor tried to say, "Oh, it's seasonal depression disorders.
" No, what I'm seeing is a demonic spirit that is influencing you, and it's because of the things you're reading.
You've been reading bad books, Stephen King, and things that are dark.
I'm seeing these dark books, these dark images by the spirit of God right now.
The Lord has said it's because of the trash you're meditating on that you've allowed this spirit to attach itself onto your mind.
These are transferred through not renewing your mind to the word of God.
You're reading these bad books, Harry Potter books, these things that are dark, and you keep putting that through your eyes, and it has attached itself like a sucker fish on your head.
And there's no medication that's going to set you free because of what I see.
This is a demonic spirit.
Now you submit yourself unto God and resist the devil and he will flee, but you've got to stop reading trash.
No matter how much you say, "God, I want to be free," if you're feeding on the wrong thing, if you're letting the trash in, trash out, garbage in, garbage out, feed on the word of God.
Give your time to the Bible.
Find scripture.
Find something that you understand.
I don't understand the King James.
There's no excuse.
Find all kinds of different versions of the Bible.
It could be Amplified or whatever.
Read it.
The entrance of his word bringeth forth light, and when you get the light in your eyes, it's going to set you free.
It's the truth that you know will set you free and make you free.
The entrance of his word brings forth light.
Come off of them in Jesus' name.
Be free.
Don't go back like a dog to its vomit.
Don't go back to watching those things on the movies.
You say, "Well, it gives me thrillers," and all these horror films you're feeding on, you're opening a door for the devil to oppress you.
And some of it's a possession.
Don't touch the devil's playyard.
Run.
Flee from evil.
Do not touch it.
And even abstain from the appearance of evil.
He's talking about what he said to me, he said you raise the bar of your moral compass.
Raise the bar.
Well, this is the bar.
It's too low.
What you allow in your home, what you allow in your inner circle of friends, your moral compass.
Does that make sense?
You're not raising the bar.
The bar has gotten so low, what you're allowing in, how you're allowing yourself to dress, how you present yourself as a child of God.
You need to raise the bar.
Be ye separate from the world.
Stop being like them.
You have to be the trendsetter.
Come up higher.
Show Jesus.
If he were there, would you act like that?
If he were there, would you dress like that?
If he were there, would you say that?
If he were there, would you go to the bad thing?
You know, a lot of the Christian WWJD, what would Jesus do?
No, really, raise the bar.
I hear him say it.
It's time to raise the bar.
And who you're allowing your young people to hang out with.
You don't realize they're doing really bad stuff when you're not around.
I see it right now as I talk.
It's a cheerleader girl and this boy and he's driving a truck.
And the Lord said, "You don't know where your daughter's going.
I don't care.
" You say, "Oh, he's a good boy.
Long-haired.
He's a good boy.
" His hat on.
He's not a good boy.
He's a teenage boy.
That's all I need to say.
We've got to let them have fun.
There's something so much more that he has in store if you just yield to him.
I need you to pray with me.
Please attach your faith with me.
I see a nuclear device just went off.
It's a plant.
It's some kind of factory.
I see barrels.
I see containers.
It looks like white thousands of gallons of oil at a facility.
No, it is a gas plant.
A gas plant facility.
Much security.
We pray over the workers that are there.
I want to say this is Louisiana.
Father, it is Louisiana.
We're not focused on that.
Father, every plot, every plan of the wicked.
Every uncovering of every event.
We monster.
Men over the events.
I see what he's doing and I see what he's saying, but he is wanting me to be discreet on how I say some of this stuff.
Pray.
I have said enough already, Lord.
Some things are by accident.
Some things are by design, like they're doing it on purpose, but this is like an accident.
I see these men with hats on, construction hats, those hard hats.
I see hard hats, white hard hats.
I see a white hard hat.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that this plant does not go up.
This is like several different things.
I'm not understanding what I'm seeing here so far, but I'm praying into it.
It will be on the news everywhere.
I see it on the news.
It's on live feed.
They're watching this thing.
And when this happens, I see it on local channels everywhere.
It's on Fox, it's on all of them.
Everybody is going to talk about this.
When it happens, it is a major event.
I see, because I'm looking at the news stations.
I can see the TV, but it's about the workers.
It's about the hand of the Lord.
Some of them are believers.
The Lord said, these groups of men are in danger.
I see these men in danger with a hard hat.
They're workers that work there.
When this thing goes off, it will vaporize them.
I count them in.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
These are very prominent in front, but these others back here are farther away.
These are the ones that are more dominant in harm's way.
They're further out here.
There's more people working there, but these are the ones that are forefront.
I see these men, and the more in-depth they are and the real they are, the more in danger they are.
Those men out there, I see bunches of them.
There's probably 20 or 30.
Then over here it is closer.
These men are the ones that would be vaporized.
They're over here still in danger, but this is like right on top of it.
The levels of this vision are very prominent and in levels.
If it was your family, you would care.
And it's on the Father's heart, so we take our time with it.
If you don't want to watch it, don't watch it.
I hear you.
It's offensive to the Holy Spirit.
Shut up.
Oh Father, we praise you today.
We pray for him, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
Now Lord, say we're going to Macron.
He's before me now.
We're going to pray over him for a little bit.
I see, I seek.
I see Macron.
They're talking.
I see Zelensky talking to Macron.
It's the law.
We're in the law.
Now I'm going to say this.
I see it.
Oh Father.
Oh Jesus.
There's just something about your name, Master Savior Jesus.
Like a fragrance after the rain.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name.
I get lost in it.
I know I have work to do, but I behold his face.
Oh Father, let the presence that fills my house right now fill theirs.
Touch them, Father.
Touch them like you bless me.
I see Candace Owens again.
Let's just pray for her right now.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Alex is before me now.
It went from her to Alex Jones.
We are going to pray for him for a minute.
There's a reason why the Lord said he wants me to pray for these people.
There's a reason why.
I see Glenn Beck's face before me.
There's a storm coming.
I see a storm.
For some reason, Tucker is on the outside of it, and I don't understand that.
But I see Glenn, he's kind of on the outside of it.
I'm praying for Alex, for Ben Johnson, for Benny, to remain true to what they are called to do.
Pressure, greater pressure coming on them.
One is concerning Macron.
I tell you what I'm saying directly, but this is very serious.
I just straightened my legs out.
My foot is falling asleep.
Sorry.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
What's off that cliff?
Give Alex strength to finish what he's supposed to do.
No compromise.
No compromise that he finishes his assignment.
He is to finish his race and finish strong.
Every plot, every plan be foiled in Jesus' name.
Every plot, every plan be foiled.
He'll finish strong.
The Lord's hand is with him and there is going to come a greater revelation of the Lord in the days ahead, of intimacy, a shaking.
He's drawing him.
The Bible said no man comes to the Father unless he draws him.
He's drawing them, not just at a surface level, a deep intimacy level.
Alex Jones, a deep intimacy level.
He's cultivating it and it's going to get deeper and the relationship is going to grow greater and the fire of God's going to come on stronger and he'll be a greater voice piece than he's ever been before.
Clearing and cleaning some things up, like we all need, but sheltering him in a greater assignment in the days ahead concerning alternative media.
The enemy has tried to silence him.
He's been off on some things, but the enemy has tried to silence, silence, and silence.
And he's been through refining, some of it is self-inflicted, just out of ignorance, not being led by the spirit.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
It is going to come up higher in a different level.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God, and we're going to see more of a voice piece in these last days of people that are led by the spirit of God, for they'll be the sons of God, you're going to see it.
They'll have road to Damascus experiences.
A road to Damascus, a shaking in these areas, a shaking in their hearts, a shaking in their finances, a shaking in their love lives, in their families and their marriages, a shaking to awaken.
Oh, I feel fire.
So he said, "Would you align with everything he said?
" No, not now.
Do you understand God can use whoever he wants to use and he can turn them around and put them in a place and speaking for him just like that.
Watch what God can do.
You limit him.
You think, well, you know, he ain't all good and all this.
Watch what God can do.
Don't limit our father and who you think he can use and who he can't.
Watch when he uses Mel Gibson in the days ahead with this new movie.
Pray for them.
Don't be critical.
Pray for people's safety.
The enemy will try to desire to take people out ahead of time.
Pray for him.
He said, "Pray for that's what he said.
" First Corinthians 5:5 is coming to full manifestation.
You are going to see First Corinthians 5:5 in a greater measure in the church.
He's going to shake the churches.
I told you shaking is coming to church in California.
Shaking, cleaning of the house.
You already see the first fruits of it.
And he's shaking.
The Lord says, "Do you think people are all wrong?
" No.
But he's cleaning some things up because he wants the glory to flow through there.
Do you understand?
God is not up there cracking his look being mad at people.
He wants us to clean it up that the glory flow through.
It'll be that way of TV stations.
It'll be that way in mega churches.
It's going to be that way with the small churches.
He said, "I'm cleaning up.
" Why?
We're out of time.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
He said, "Brandon, I'm going to visit my church, but first judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I'm cleaning up my church right now.
" And you're going to see a greater escalation of it in the days ahead.
And he said, "I'm cleaning it up and then we're going to have a major outpouring like you've never seen.
But right now, it's the finishing touches.
" Watch in these days ahead.
Cleaning, cleaning, cleaning, cleaning.
And it's purified by fire, like the potter's wheel.
If we go from glory to glory to glory to glory, it's the potter's wheel.
And that's what he's talking about all the time to me.
That's what he's talking about to me the other night.
He said, "I'm doing these things.
Watch what I do in these days ahead.
" Oh father, we love you.
Don't fall for what you're about to see.
Great deception.
You're about to see great distractions.
You're about to see.
You hear this?
I'm hearing it very clear.
Great distractions to pull you away from me.
I see layers of it.
They're like cellular tubes.
There's distractions coming.
You know, do you remember during 9/11 whenever everybody was so focused on the TV, you couldn't get people off television for days?
You sit there for hours just watching the rubble because we were worried about who was underneath it, wondering if there's just one alive.
And then what is it like Oklahoma City 1995?
I remember April the 19th.
One hand reaches out and pulls a lot from the fire.
The weight of the things the Lord has showed me over the last couple of days has been very heavy.
I pray with all my heart that you find intimacy with the father, that you find him while there's still time that you get intimacy with him and that it's not surface.
You know, it's like I always say all the time, you may know a lot about God but does he know you?
You may be here tonight and you're thinking, man, this guy's way out or whatever.
I don't care what you think, but I'm trying to help you.
There's so much here tonight that I've prayed.
I've tiptoed around the edges.
But I have to ask you, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior.
The very shoes you put on today or tomorrow or wherever you are all around this world, there's people, life is happening.
But no one is promised tomorrow.
No one is promised tonight.
This could be your last opportunity.
You're here watching this live and this could be your last opportunity to ask Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
If you're here tonight and you're not sure where you would spend eternity, if I was to die, Brandon, I don't know where I would spend eternity.
I don't know if I'd go to heaven or hell.
I don't even know anything really about it.
But I want to know if you feel that tugging on your heart right now.
That's Jesus and he's knocking on your heart.
You may feel that's kind of like butterflies.
You kind of feel nervous.
It's like the first day of school when you're first going back to school or something.
You feel that nervous feeling and you feel the drawing.
That's the Holy Spirit and he's tugging at you right now.
You feel something on the inside of you.
I've got to make a choice tonight.
Or you may be a believer that's backsliding.
You may be somebody that was on fire for God at one point in time, that's all you talked about was your salvation, your faith.
You told everybody you knew about it.
But now you're ashamed.
You hide back.
You've been hanging out with the wrong people.
You've been going to the bad places.
You've become lukewarm.
You've become cold and you're like, Brandon, I'm so tired of living this way.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
I want to come back to the father tonight.
You could be a person who's not going to hell by no means, but you're just not where you should be.
That fire is not there.
You don't feel it and you just would like some prayer tonight.
I've gotten a little bit off track, but tonight I want to sell out to Jesus again.
I want to give him my all.
I want to tell him I'm all in.
I want to make sure that my relationship's okay with him.
You're here maybe just you think it was just by accident, but I don't believe it was by accident.
I believe you're here tonight because you feel the urgency of the hour.
You can look around you and you know the signs of the times are all around you.
Things are happening right and left every single day.
There's something major happening and you feel that urgency of the hour and tonight you want to just sell out.
You want to be all in.
You want a fresh, clean start.
Or you're here tonight and you've never had any kind of relationship with the Lord.
But either way, I want to pray for you.
But I want you to become really bold right now and put in the comments section right now, "I want to be saved.
I'm coming home.
I want a fresh, clean start.
Will you just pray for me?
" And we'll pray for you right now.
I always want to give you an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
This might be your last opportunity.
So if this is speaking to you, I want you to be bold right now and just say, "Brandon, will you please pray for me?
I want to come home tonight.
" Jesus died for you publicly.
He wasn't ashamed to die for you.
Now, I want you to be bold about your decision.
So, I'm going to just give you a couple of seconds there.
No pressure.
Nobody's forcing you to do anything.
He is a gentleman.
He knocks on your heart as a gentleman.
He knocks at your door as a gentleman.
He doesn't force his way in.
He's waiting for you to yield yourself over and say, "Here, I need you.
I can't do this on my own.
Turn my mess into a message today.
" Now, if you're here tonight and that was you, I'm going to say a simple prayer and I want you to repeat it after me.
Say, Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, make me new.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin that I was doing.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I dedicate my life.
I'm all in.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me of my sins.
Lord, you said in your word that if I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Now, Father, I confess them.
I ask you to forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I belong to you and I'll come to you in heaven and I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus name.
Amen and amen.
Well, if you just said that prayer, welcome to the family.
If you are brand new to this channel, welcome to our channel.
We're so excited that you're here.
What do you do now?
Most people, they don't know what to do even after they say the sinner's prayer.
You don't want to go back to what you were doing.
So, you need to get plugged into a good Bible-believing church.
I would say a non-denominational church.
That's where we would get plugged into.
If you know that's local wherever you have or I don't know where you live or whatever, but I would go to a non-denominational church, get plugged in, tell the pastor there I got born again on a YouTube broadcast and I want to be water baptized.
Get water baptized, plug in there, get excited about your new life with Christ, learn the Bible studies whatever they have there, go to Wednesday night, Sunday night whatever they have, go to prayer, go get plugged in so you know the decision you've made and it's the greatest decision you could ever make.
Then I'd say get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
You find the book "Why Tongues?
It's we usually put it in the description.
Get by Kenneth Hagin.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Speak in tongues just like you saw me doing earlier.
Pray in tongues.
I pray in tongues all the time.
Get stirred up.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
And I'm telling you, the best is yet to come.
We're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And you just came in right at the beginning of it.
And so, we're excited you're here.
Welcome to the family.
I don't know how many people gave their heart to Jesus Christ and I hope some, but if not, then praise God.
I believe there'll be people watching it later.
Braden usually tells me my number.
51 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ so far tonight off of this video.
We're excited you're here.
All 51 of you.
I know it's kind of different for some of you, but I know you're not here by accident.
So, praise the Lord.
I'm not quite finished yet.
So, I just felt in my heart to give an altar call and pray for you all before you start clicking out.
All 51 of you, welcome to the family.
We love you and we pray for you.
Click the like, click the subscribe, and stick around.
Come back and pray with us.
I try to do more prayer videos.
I've been seeking him on where we are right now and going back to books like the awe of God.
This is Diana and I's go-to.
We love this book by John Bevere.
And I don't even know this man.
I've never met him.
Well, I've seen him at our church we used to go to.
So I can't say that I hadn't seen him and I said hi to him.
I was a janitor at the time.
So it's not like people remember you as a janitor, but he was a guest speaker at one of our old churches that I used to work at and I used to sit there and listen to him preach.
So you know pretty cool where it is right now, that man has really blessed us; this book has really blessed us.
He has, like I said, I'm excited about his new book.
I'm going to get this new book on March 3rd and Diana has it pre-ordered on Amazon and so whenever it comes, we're going to read it.
We'll tell you about it as soon as we get it and I'm always honest if it's good or if it's not.
So if people don't want to hear the truth, don't give it to me because I'll tell you if your book's terrible.
And you say, Well, who are you to say?
Well, I'm pretty good at it.
This was a good one and I'm telling you to change your life.
But if it's terrible, I'll tell you.
Don't read it.
It's trash.
Sorry, but I'm just real.
You don't want to hear it if it's not.
We get a lot of books.
I got shelves of books now.
There's some things I saw tonight that really disturbed me in my flesh, but I know I give it to the Lord concerning people's lives and he has it.
I take the care out of my prayer concerning those individuals and I know the father has them.
Some of these people are in grave danger.
Some people are in grave danger in the natural, but we know that the hand of the Lord will protect them.
Some people need to do about face and make some big decisions and make some big changes.
Are you finished?
Holy Spirit, we sure love you.
We're so grateful.
I believe we're done.
Well, praise the Lord.
Are you excited about coming tonight?
Did you get anything out of it?
I pray you did.
I pray you got refreshed or excited you're here.
I kept you over two hours, but that's all right, better than watching Netflix, praying with me.
But we'll be back again probably tomorrow.
I don't know.
We'll see what the Holy Spirit says.
I'll be praying over my day and everything and see what the Lord wants to do.
But other than that, we love you.
I'll have Diana maybe come on tomorrow and she can read some of the highlights of what we've liked about the book and it's kind of like things we can do together.
I don't know.
Try to make it fun so you all can have something to look forward to about books or book reports, you know.
I don't know what else to do.
I like I said, I don't feel like I'm really a preacher, you know, to come on and just preach to you all the time, but to tell you things that are on my heart about what the Lord is showing me.
But I just tell you things that have blessed us.
But we love you.
Thank you for joining us again tonight and thank you for your support.
You all been so nice to us.
Click and like, subscribe, all the things you can do to help us.
Follow us on X, follow us on Instagram, Facebook, all those things.
We're trying to grow those platforms or other alternative media sites for you to find us.
And Braden's working on a lot of shorts.
So, he's been working his tail end off, huh?
Thank you.
He's a good boy.
I'm telling you, he is working hard on these shorts trying to get things done and I don't know.
I told him, I said, We're out when we release those shorts, just like going into the darker side because there's a lot of people.
Boy, you talk about trolls over there.
But boy, on what is it?
Tik Tok.
Tik Tok's from hell.
But the Lord uses it.
Whatever it takes to bring him in, huh?
So, we love y'all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again soon, probably tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.